[Music]
and this is the big one
Google in essence is planning a new type
of search engine
give it like a chat GPT type of
interface
I do believe it's going to reduce
traffic going to websites
in addition to that this is also going
to change paid advertising
all right so we are going to talk about
project Magi Google's making big changes
to search so I pronounce it Magi just
because I played a lot of games and
usually they're called Magi but you can
call it Magi if you want but Neil So New
York Times Release the article on how
Google is getting where there's some
rumors going around about Samsung
potentially making Bing its potential
default search engine which would cost
Google billions of dollars I believe the
New York Times said it would be around
three billion dollars if the similar
things also happened with apple it would
cost him even more money so Google's
getting nervous of course because
everyone's talking about Ai and chai GPT
and how Microsoft's integrating it and
when Google released barred it didn't
have the best reviews out there and
their stock price went down and they
lost billions of dollars in market cap
so Google in essence is planning a new
type of search engine but in the short
run they have this project Maggie or
Maggie or however you want to end up
pronouncing it and project manage G has
around 160 Engineers that are focused on
it and what they're doing is trying to
make Google search more conversational
so for example if Eric has questions on
something it would learn on the fly as
well as learn from past experiences and
modify the messaging and the results
that is showing Eric think of it like a
chat GPT type of interface but also
being able to do transactions so if
Eric's looking for new running shoes
over time it will learn the size of the
shoe that Eric wears if he has narrow
feet or wide feet as well as allow him
and this is the big one to do a
transaction right there on Google
without going to a website they're
planning on releasing some of this stuff
hopefully in the next few months and
when you think about this it's going to
have huge implications for both paid ads
and SEO so this is not just huge
implications on the marketing side it's
huge implications across the board
Google's not going to want to give up
their market share and then you have
Satya from Microsoft the CEO he's like
we're so excited to take market share
because each percent is two billion
dollars I believe that's what it was
right Neil yeah I don't know the exact
dollar amount but it's massive a lot of
seos are worried that hey this is going
to take away traffic from a website well
if you look at what Google's done in the
past with like weather it used to be
when you wanted to search what was the
weather in Los Angeles California or Las
Vegas uh Nevada you would go to
weather.com or Google will send you to a
website now they end up showing you the
weather and they made that change a long
time ago and there's many more changes
with things like the knowledge graph
that ended up changing how SEO was done
and people like Oh Google's is taking
traffic away but these things create a
better experience and cause more people
to use Google as well in the long run
and according to Danny Sullivan who
works at Google Google has continually
driven more traffic to websites each and
every single year from an organic
perspective so I would see all these AI
changes I do believe it's going to
reduce traffic going to websites but I
also do think it's going to cause more
people to use Google which can help
counteract that and this won't work for
every single query out there
in addition to that this is also going
to change paid advertising and from a
paid advertising standpoint instead of a
cost per click model just imagine doing
a CPA model which is already similar to
how it is right now you're bidding per
click but you're backending it out to
what's your cost per acquisition and if
you're just paying Google for that cost
doesn't matter if someone goes to your
website or not all you care about is are
you generating the sale and is it
profitable whether they come to your
website or not as long as you can keep
generating more sales you should be
happy because that means more revenue
from you and from an SEO standpoint
it'll change a game from
from an SEO perspective maybe you're not
optimizing as much to clicks to your
website but maybe you're optimizing for
Google showcasing your product or
service when someone's using their prom
to converse with to figure out what
product or service to buy the bottom
line is search is going to change
marketing as you know it's going to
change the world as you know it is going
to change and so you have to adapt or
die and those of you that don't feel
like adapting well I think that's
probably a very small percentage because
those even their listing are trying to
learn so that is it for today please
don't forget to rate Please Subscribe
hit us on YouTube as well and we will
catch you later now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell the
people about it thank you very much